feat(harden): Introduce @endo/harden (#3008)
endojs/endo: packages/harden/README.md

# harden

> Hardened modules are modules that make their exports resist tampering by other

Reviewer: This is an overview, so if we do not find a compact and correct way to fix this, no change requested. But it is a lot more than just the exports. I do not have a compact correct suggestion.

transitively hardening own properties, use the `-C harden:unsafe` build
condition with tools like `node` and Endo's `bundle-source`.

# Multiple instances

The first instance of `@endo/harden` will determine the behavior of any
subsequent instance of `@endo/harden` that initializes later, regardless of
differences in behavior.
In a mutable, pre-lockdown JavaScript environment, it does this by behaving
somewhat like a shim.
A side-effect of the _first use_ of `harden` is that it installs its flavor of
`harden` at `Object[Symbol.for('harden')]` and all subsequent initializations
just adopt that behavior.
This property is how `lockdown` senses that it should fail.

# With _or_ Without _not_ Both

Hardened modules calling `harden` should be fine at any time in an application
that never uses HardenedJS, calling `lockdown`.

However, initializing a hardened module before setting up a HardenedJS
environment (before calling `lockdown`) and then proceeding on the assumption
that it's hardened after `lockdown` would leave the apparently-hardened module
vulnerable.

So, `@endo/harden` arranges for `lockdown()` to throw an exception with

> a _helpful_ stack if `harden` gets called before `lockdown`.

Reviewer: I love this point!

The stack points to the module that was initialized before `lockdown`
and which should be moved after `lockdown`.
The `lockdown` call often occurs as a side-effect of initializing
`@endo/lockdown`, `@endo/init`, or by convention, modules with names like
`prepare-*`.

# Configurability of Compartment harden

The `harden` exported by `@endo/harden` prefers `Object[Symbol.for('harden')]`
over `globalThis.harden` since the former is an intrinsic that cannot be
overridden by an endowment.
Any code that relies on `globalThis.harden` being endowed with a different
behavior than `Object[Symbol.for('harden')]` cannot substitute `@endo/harden`.

> # isFake

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# isFake (deprecated)
```

Using `lockdown` with the `"unsafe"` `hardenTaming` option creates an environment
where `Object.isFrozen`, `Object.isExtensible`, `Reflect.isExtensible`, and
`isSealed` all misreport that any object is frozen, non-extensible, and sealed.
To indicate this, `harden.isFake` is `true`.

We regret this misfeature.
The `@endo/harden` does not provide `harden.isFake`.
Code, especially tests, migrating to use `@endo/harden` should refactor
`harden.isFake` to use a more legible indicator of the misbehavior of `isFrozen`
and its compatriots, which may not be indicated by empirical behavior of `harden`.

For example, `Object.isFrozen({})` when `harden.isFake` and more clearly
conveys the reason a test might be invalidated by `unsafe` `hardenTaming`.
Testing that the outcome of `Object.isFrozen({})` is the same as the outcome of
`Object.isFrozen(object)` for an object that should not be frozen makes a test
work just as well between `safe` and `unsafe` `hardenTaming`.

The module `@endo/harden/is-noop.js` provides `hardenIsNoop(harden)` to

> indicate that `harden` is a no-op, regardless of `hardenTaming`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
detect whether `harden` is a no-op, regardless of `hardenTaming`.
```
